README.md, before:

# ComfyUI-Mana-Nodes
Collection of custom nodes for ComfyUI.

## Installation
Simply clone the repo into the `custom_nodes` directory with this command:

```
git clone https://github.com/ForeignGods/ComfyUI-Mana-Nodes.git
```

and install the requirements using:
```
.\python_embed\python.exe -s -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```

If you are using a venv, make sure you have it activated before installation and use:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## font2img Node

Configure the font2img node by setting the following parameters in ComfyUI:

### Required Inputs
- <b>font_file:</b> fonts located in the <b>custom_nodes\ComfyUI-Mana-Nodes\font\example_font.ttf</b> directory (supports .ttf, .otf, .woff, .woff2).
- <b>font_size:</b> Size of the font.
- <b>font_color:</b> Color of the text. (https://www.w3.org/wiki/CSS3/Color/Extended_color_keywords)
- <b>background_color:</b> Background color of the image.
- <b>text_alignment:</b> Alignment of the text in the image.
- <b>line_spacing:</b> Spacing between lines of text.
- <b>frame_count:</b> Number of frames (images) to generate.
- <b>image_width:</b> Width of the generated images.
- <b>image_height:</b> Height of the generated images.
- <b>text:</b> The text to render in the images.
- <b>text_interpolation_options:</b> Mode of text interpolation ('strict', 'interpolation', 'cumulative').
- <b>start_x_offset, end_x_offset, start_y_offset, end_y_offset:</b> Offsets for text positioning.
- <b>start_rotation, end_rotation:</b> Rotation angles for the text.

### Optional Inputs

- <b>images:</b> Text will be overlayed on input_images instead of background_color.

### Parameters Explanation

#### `text`
- Specifies the text to be rendered on the images. Supports multiline text input for rendering on separate lines.
  - For simple text: Input the text directly as a string.
  - For frame-specific text (in modes like 'strict' or 'cumulative'): Use a JSON-like format where each line specifies a frame number and the corresponding text. Example:
    ``` 
    "1": "Hello",
    "10": "World",
    "20": "End"
    ```

#### `text_interpolation_options`
- Defines the mode of text interpolation between frames.
  - `strict`: Text is only inserted at specified frames.
  - `interpolation`: Gradually interpolates text characters between frames.
  - `cumulative`: Text set for a frame persists until updated in a subsequent frame.


#### `start_x_offset`, `end_x_offset`, `start_y_offset`, `end_y_offset`
- Sets the starting and ending offsets for text positioning on the X and Y axes, allowing for text transition across the image.
- Input as integers. Example: `start_x_offset = 10`, `end_x_offset = 50` moves the text from 10 pixels from the left to 50 pixels from the left across frames.

#### `start_rotation`, `end_rotation`
- Defines the starting and ending rotation angles for the text, enabling it to rotate between these angles.
- Input as integers in degrees. Example: `start_rotation = 0`, `end_rotation = 180` rotates the text from 0 to 180 degrees across frames.

## Contributing
Your contributions to improve Mana Nodes are welcome! If you have suggestions or enhancements, feel free to fork this repository, apply your changes, and create a pull request. For significant modifications or feature requests, please open an issue first to discuss what you'd like to change.

Commit message:

Font Licences warning
updated readme and gitignore

README.md, after:

# ComfyUI-Mana-Nodes
Collection of custom nodes for ComfyUI.

## Installation
Simply clone the repo into the `custom_nodes` directory with this command:

```
git clone https://github.com/ForeignGods/ComfyUI-Mana-Nodes.git
```

and install the requirements using:
```
.\python_embed\python.exe -s -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```

If you are using a venv, make sure you have it activated before installation and use:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## font2img Node

Configure the font2img node by setting the following parameters in ComfyUI:

### Required Inputs
- <b>font_file:</b> fonts located in the <b>custom_nodes\ComfyUI-Mana-Nodes\font\example_font.ttf</b> directory (supports .ttf, .otf, .woff, .woff2).
- <b>font_size:</b> Size of the font.
- <b>font_color:</b> Color of the text. (https://www.w3.org/wiki/CSS3/Color/Extended_color_keywords)
- <b>background_color:</b> Background color of the image.
- <b>text_alignment:</b> Alignment of the text in the image.
- <b>line_spacing:</b> Spacing between lines of text.
- <b>frame_count:</b> Number of frames (images) to generate.
- <b>image_width:</b> Width of the generated images.
- <b>image_height:</b> Height of the generated images.
- <b>text:</b> The text to render in the images.
- <b>text_interpolation_options:</b> Mode of text interpolation ('strict', 'interpolation', 'cumulative').
- <b>start_x_offset, end_x_offset, start_y_offset, end_y_offset:</b> Offsets for text positioning.
- <b>start_rotation, end_rotation:</b> Rotation angles for the text.

### Optional Inputs

- <b>images:</b> Text will be overlayed on input_images instead of background_color.

### Parameters Explanation

#### `text`
- Specifies the text to be rendered on the images. Supports multiline text input for rendering on separate lines.
  - For simple text: Input the text directly as a string.
  - For frame-specific text (in modes like 'strict' or 'cumulative'): Use a JSON-like format where each line specifies a frame number and the corresponding text. Example:
    ``` 
    "1": "Hello",
    "10": "World",
    "20": "End"
    ```

#### `text_interpolation_options`
- Defines the mode of text interpolation between frames.
  - `strict`: Text is only inserted at specified frames.
  - `interpolation`: Gradually interpolates text characters between frames.
  - `cumulative`: Text set for a frame persists until updated in a subsequent frame.


#### `start_x_offset`, `end_x_offset`, `start_y_offset`, `end_y_offset`
- Sets the starting and ending offsets for text positioning on the X and Y axes, allowing for text transition across the image.
- Input as integers. Example: `start_x_offset = 10`, `end_x_offset = 50` moves the text from 10 pixels from the left to 50 pixels from the left across frames.

#### `start_rotation`, `end_rotation`
- Defines the starting and ending rotation angles for the text, enabling it to rotate between these angles.
- Input as integers in degrees. Example: `start_rotation = 0`, `end_rotation = 180` rotates the text from 0 to 180 degrees across frames.

### Font Licences
- <b>Personal Use:</b> The included fonts are for personal, non-commercial use. Please refrain from using these fonts in any commercial project without obtaining the appropriate licenses.

- <b>License Compliance:</b> Each font may come with its own license agreement. It is the responsibility of the user to review and comply with these agreements. Some fonts may require a license for commercial use, modification, or distribution.
- <b>Checking Licenses:</b> For any font you wish to use beyond personal projects, especially for commercial purposes, please check the font's license. This often involves visiting the creator’s or distributor's website to obtain the correct licensing information.
- <b>Removing Fonts:</b> If any font creator or copyright holder wishes their font to be removed from this repository, please contact us, and we will promptly comply with your request.

## Contributing
Your contributions to improve Mana Nodes are welcome! If you have suggestions or enhancements, feel free to fork this repository, apply your changes, and create a pull request. For significant modifications or feature requests, please open an issue first to discuss what you'd like to change.
